Add feature gate for RelaxedDNSSearchValidation in v1.32 (#49355)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/RelaxedDNSSearchValidation.md

---
title: RelaxedDNSSearchValidation
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: alpha
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.32"
---

> Enabling this gate will relax the server side validation for DNS search string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relax server side validation for the contents of  `dnsConfig.searches` for a container within
a Pod.

When this gate is not enabled, Kubernetes enforces a narrower set of DNS names in the search
path; for example, `abc_d.example.com` would be rejected due to the `_` character.
```
